This repository contains various articles about Operation Vula (1988 - 1991)

1. Talking To Vula - The Story of the Secret Underground Communications Network of Operation Vula. Tim Jenkin, 1995. This article appeared as a series of six articles in the ANC's monthly journal Mayibuye from May 1995 to October 1995. They are brought together here to present the complete picture (Talking To Vula.pdf)
2. Revolutionary Secrets - Technology’s Role in the South African Anti-Apartheid Movement, Social Science Computer Review, Volume 25, Number 1, Spring 2007 13-26, Sage Publications, 10.1177/0894439306289556, http://ssc.sagepub.com hosted at http://online.sagepub.com, R. Kelly Garrett, University of California, Irvine, Paul N. Edwards, University of Michigan (revolutionary-secrets.pdf)
3. How the ANC sent encrypted messages in the fight against apartheid. Jan Vermeulen, MyBroadBand, 12 July 2015. https://mybroadband.co.za/news/security/131822-how-the-anc-sent-encrypted-messages-in-the-fight-against-apartheid.html (How the ANC sent encrypted messages in the fight against apartheid.pdf)
4. The South African who helped end apartheid with encryption and inspired a Hollywood movie. Jan Vermeulen, MyBroadBand, 10 June 2024. https://mybroadband.co.za/news/security/540163-the-south-african-who-helped-end-apartheid-with-encryption-and-inspired-a-hollywood-movie.html (The South African who helped end apartheid with encryption and inspired a Hollywood movie.pdf)
5. Vula Connection on YouTube.txt provides details about how to view the documentary "The Vula Connection" (2014). This documentary covers the communications aspect of Operation Vula.
6. Technically Subversive: Encrypted Communication in the South African National Liberation Struggle (2020) is a dissertation on Operation Vula by Sophie Toupinm, McGill University
7. Cracking an old ZIP file to help open source the ANC's "Operation Vula" secret crypto code is from John Graham-Cumming's blog, https://blog.jgc.org/2024/09/cracking-old-zip-file-to-help-open.html It explains how John managed to crack a 30-year-old zip file that released the code that is the inspiration for this Github site

